c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Principal.resources
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Assemblies.dll
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Assemblies.pdb
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Transitions.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.ConfigureForm.resources
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.ServiceList.resources
\\IOMEGA\Geral\PROGRAMACAO\Cláudio\Backups dos projectos\Visual Studio 2012 VM\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
\\IOMEGA\Geral\PROGRAMACAO\Cláudio\Backups dos projectos\Visual Studio 2012 VM\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
\\IOMEGA\Geral\PROGRAMACAO\Cláudio\Backups dos projectos\Visual Studio 2012 VM\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\DigitalTV.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Libraries\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Libraries\Transitions.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\TrackBar.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Options\Images\MarkeeBackground.png
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\TV2Lib.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\TV2Lib.pdb
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Libraries\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Libraries\Transitions.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Options\Images\MarkeeBackground.png
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Assemblies.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\DigitalTV.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Transitions.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\TV2Lib.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\TrackBar.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib-2005.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Assemblies.pdb
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\TV2Lib.pdb
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Principal.resources
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.ConfigureForm.resources
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.ServiceList.resources
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Server.exe
C:\Users\Cláudio\Desktop\Digital-Signage.git\SalaDeEsperaWCF\Client\bin\Debug\Server.pdb
